I don’t know, can you really pack the day?
In front of my woman, you dared to talk about killing my four seasons.
Remember, let’s not dress clearly and pretend to be confused.
Your four younger brothers are ruthless in throwing away your throne.
This is my strength, and it is not your turn as an outsider to speak.
Then I will tell you, I have already negotiated the experience with the four princes.
In fact, they helped me find Appreciation,
And I'm going to do it cheaply.
In fact, after that, there will be a chance to force the palace.
Sure enough, we have to do it
Doesn't that mean you must be too tight?
The more I move my palms, the more people from Qing Dynasty finally advance.
Then what did you do?
Li Jia controls too much
If people don’t understand, why not do it now?
Li Jia couldn't control it either
I'm not making a law
I call this wave chaos anyway.
Now is to give His Majesty a chance
Your Majesty does not have the first public lineage in the entertainment industry
But I solved the thinking prince
The emperor is still
if you don't agree
I can only add real clothes
Do you think you are really scared?
Are you afraid that your Majesty will know for yourself?
But you don't have a choice
A woman takes charge of government affairs
Heba at home
What you face after holding on
It's not just me
It's not a group charity
I agree, but there is a condition
Li Jia must hand over military power
I, Li Jia, didn’t respond either.
Now it's not because
Chen Qinzhong’s background was unfortunate after he became the official
Someone will definitely stand up
It’s just that Huang is really buying without intention
Then who will Li Jiahui support?
This is what I was worried about.
I have an idea Li Jia
If your child learns five
Is Li Jia still afraid?